fix(mavlink): Remove deprecated MAV_CMD_REQUEST_AUTOPILOT_CAPABILITIES ... (#27251)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/releases/main.md

### MAVLink

> - Removed deprecated request messages `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_AUTOPILOT_CAPABILITIES`, `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_PROTOCOL_VERSION`, `MAV_CMD_GET_HOME_POSITION`, `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_FLIGHT_INFORMATION`, `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_STORAGE_INFORMATION` (Replaced by `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_MESSAGE`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed support for deprecated request commands `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_AUTOPILOT_CAPABILITIES`, `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_PROTOCOL_VERSION`, `MAV_CMD_GET_HOME_POSITION`, `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_FLIGHT_INFORMATION`, `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_STORAGE_INFORMATION` (Replaced by `MAV_CMD_REQUEST_MESSAGE`).
```
